Update readme, add example for interpreter and inference (#224)
microsoft/EconML: README.md

  treatment_effects = est.effect(X_test)
  ```

### Interpretability
* Tree Interpreter of the CATE model
  ```Python
  from econml.cate_interpreter import SingleTreeCateInterpreter
  intrp = SingleTreeCateInterpreter(include_model_uncertainty=True, max_depth=2, min_samples_leaf=10)

>   # We interpret the CATE models behavior on the distribution of heterogeneity features

Reviewer: grammar
```suggestion
  # We interpret the CATE model's behavior based on the features used for heterogeneity
```

  intrp.interpret(est, X)
  # Plot the tree
  plt.figure(figsize=(25, 5))
  intrp.plot(feature_names=['A', 'B', 'C', 'D'], fontsize=12)
  plt.show()
  ```
  ![image](notebooks/images/dr_cate_tree.png)

* Policy Interpreter of the CATE model
  ```Python
  from econml.cate_interpreter import SingleTreePolicyInterpreter

>   # We find a tree based treatment policy based on the CATE model

Reviewer: [minor] grammar
```suggestion
  # We find a tree-based treatment policy based on the CATE model
```

  intrp = SingleTreePolicyInterpreter(risk_level=0.05, max_depth=2, min_samples_leaf=1,min_impurity_decrease=.001)
  intrp.interpret(est, X, sample_treatment_costs=0.2)
  # Plot the tree
  plt.figure(figsize=(25, 5))
  intrp.plot(feature_names=['A', 'B', 'C', 'D'], fontsize=12)
  plt.show()
  ```
  ![image](notebooks/images/dr_policy_tree.png)

### Inference
  ```Python

>   # Get the effect inference includes standard error, z test score, p value and confidence interval given each sample X[i]

Reviewer: grammar
```suggestion
  # Get the effect inference summary, which includes the standard error, z test score, p value, and confidence interval given each sample X[i]
```

  est.effect_inference(X_test).summary_frame(alpha=0.05, value=0, decimals=3)

>   # Get the population inference given sample X

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Get the population summary for the entire sample X
```

  est.effect_inference(X_test).population_summary(alpha=0.1, value=0, decimals=3, tol=0.001)

>   #  Get the summary of final model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  #  Get the inference summary for the final model
```
